The Stake calling form we discussed it attached for your review. This is the same form our stake has used in paper form for years and will be used due to it's familiarity.
We'd like it created in Google Forms and configured to send approval emails to the Stake Presidency and then the High Council, upon approval of the Presidency.

There are some fields that need to be marked as mandatory, so the form can't be submitted without the most important candidate information. Those fields are listed below.

Required Fields

    Candidate name
    Recommended position
    Recommended by
    Reason for recommendation
    Candidate Information
    Bishop Consulted & date they were consulted
    Position currently held by

The other fields will be completed by the Stake Clerks as the approvals come in from the High Council.

Email contacts
The Excel sheet has the names and email addresses for the Stake Presidency and High Council so the system can forward the form for approval to the right parties at the right time.

Workflow example
Below is an example of how the form workflow will be processed by the stake. Please let us know if there are parts of the workflow that aren't possible with Google Forms, or if there is an easier, more automated way of processing the submission.

    A name is submitted for a calling using the online form.
        I would expect that they would click on a link to the webpage. However we need to access the form via Google Forms will be the workflow here.
    The member completes all of the required fields and submits any additional information they deem important.
    An email is sent to the Stake Presidency group only for review, discussion and approval
    The Stake Presidency approves the calling
        If we can have an "Approved" button here, that would be great. Once this button is pressed, it would forward the approved form to the High Council
    Once approved by the Stake Presidency, the form is automatically forwarded to the members of the High Council for their approval with the following in the email title & body of the email.
        The email title will be the position submitted for with "REPLY TO ALL" in the title so the HC knows to reply to all on the thread.
            Example: Bishopric Counselor for the 14th ward - REPLY TO ALL
        Body of the email
            The member on the attached form has been approved by their Bishop and the Stake Presidency to serve in this new calling. Please reply to all with your approval, or if you believe this call needs to be discussed in council meeting.
